Update nft features doc (#2507)
irisnet/irishub: docs/features/nft.md

nft need to be issued before creation to declare their abstract properties:

> -_Denom_: the globally unique asset class name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-_Denom_: the globally unique nft category name
```

> -_Denom ID_: the globally unique asset class identifier of Denom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-_Denom ID_: the globally unique nft category identifier of Denom
```

### issued

> Specify the nft Denom (nft category), metadata JSON Schema, sender, chain ID and fee to issue nft.

Reviewer: issue nft need additional fee? If it's the tx fees, delete it.

Reviewer: delete chain-id
